Minimize sequencing section. (#704)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

that two members will generate Commit messages simultaneously,
based on the same state.

Applications MUST have an established way to resolve conflicting Commit messages
for the same epoch. They can do this either by preventing conflicting messages
from occurring in the first place, or by developing rules for deciding which
Commit out of several sent in an epoch will be canonical. The approach chosen
MUST minimize the amount of time that forked or previous group states are kept
in memory, and promptly delete them once they're no longer necessary to ensure
forward secrecy.

The generation of Commit messages MUST NOT modify a client's state, since the
client doesn't know at that time whether the changes implied by the Commit
message will conflict with another Commit or not. Similarly, a client MUST NOT
send Welcome messages corresponding to a Commit until it's clear that the Commit

> has been accepted.

Reviewer: Interim 2022-06-02:

* Probably too tight.  E.g., client could send Commit+Welcome to DS, then DS could decide whether to send Welcome based on whether Commit is accepted.  Proposed text:

> The Welcome message corresponding to a Commit MUST NOT be delivered to a new joiner until it's clear that the Commit has been accepted.

* Otherwise clear to merge

> message will conflict with another Commit or not. Similarly, a client MUST NOT
> send Welcome messages corresponding to a Commit until it's clear that the Commit
> has been accepted.

Author: ```suggestion
message will conflict with another Commit or not. Similarly, the Welcome
message corresponding to a Commit MUST NOT be delivered to a new
joiner until it's clear that the Commit has been accepted.
```
